README.md, before:

# Eatin Burgers in Paradise App

## Description

Eating Burgers in Paradise is a restaurant app that lets users input the names of burgers they'd like to eat. Whenever a user submits a burger's name, the app will display the burger on the left side of the page. Each burger in the waiting area has a `Devour it!` button. When the user clicks it, the burger will move to the right side of the page. The app will store every burger in a database, whether devoured or not, so the user can track what types of burgers they've eaten.

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#Installation)
* [Usage](#Usage)
* [License](#License)
* [Contributors](#Contributors)
* [Test](#Test)
* [Questions](#Questions)

## Installation

To successfully run this application, please do a npm install upon downloading the repo in your terminal.

```bash
npm install
```

This application comes with seed data to get the user started in the database. You will also have to access MySQL and create the database.  To do so, copy the schema from ```schema.sql``` into your local MySQL. You may also need to change the information in ```connection.js``` to mirror your information. 

## Usage

To use this application, first fork and open the repo onto your local machine. Before attempting to use the app, open your terminal and perform a ```npm install``` to get the necessary packages.

![npm install](public/assets/images/npmInstall.png)

Now, while in the repo, type ```node server.js``` to start the app. 

![node index.js](public/assets/images/nodeServer.png)

You can now access the app by going to ```localhost:8080``` in your web browser.

![Landing Page](public/assets/images/index.png)

## Credits

Alyson Bennett was the sole collaborator on this project. 

## License

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/)

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Copyright (c) 2020 Alyson Bennett

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](code_of_conduct.md)

## Tests

There has not been a test script written for this application yet.

## Issues

Due to time constraints, this application is still under development.

Moving forward, work needs to be done on the handlebars to correctly show the burgers available and the burgers that have been devoured. Also, the CSS file needs to be filled in to have a more polished looking site. 

## Questions

If you have any questions, please contact [Alyson Bennett](https://github.com/alysonbennett) at alysonbennett@gmail.com.

Commit message:

added heroku link to readme

README.md, after:

# Eatin Burgers in Paradise App

## Description

Eating Burgers in Paradise is a restaurant app that lets users input the names of burgers they'd like to eat. Whenever a user submits a burger's name, the app will display the burger on the left side of the page. Each burger in the waiting area has a `Devour it!` button. When the user clicks it, the burger will move to the right side of the page. The app will store every burger in a database, whether devoured or not, so the user can track what types of burgers they've eaten.

To try out the app, please visit this ![Heroku Link](https://pacific-brushlands-20984.herokuapp.com/)

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#Installation)
* [Usage](#Usage)
* [License](#License)
* [Contributors](#Contributors)
* [Test](#Test)
* [Questions](#Questions)

## Installation

To successfully run this application, please do a npm install upon downloading the repo in your terminal.

```bash
npm install
```

This application comes with seed data to get the user started in the database. You will also have to access MySQL and create the database.  To do so, copy the schema from ```schema.sql``` into your local MySQL. You may also need to change the information in ```connection.js``` to mirror your information. 

## Usage

If accessing this app from the Heroku link, you do not need to install anything to get started! 

To use this application from GitHub, first fork and open the repo onto your local machine. Before attempting to use the app, open your terminal and perform a ```npm install``` to get the necessary packages.

![npm install](public/assets/images/npmInstall.png)

Now, while in the repo, type ```node server.js``` to start the app. 

![node index.js](public/assets/images/nodeServer.png)

You can now access the app by going to ```localhost:8080``` in your web browser.

![Landing Page](public/assets/images/index.png)

## Credits

Alyson Bennett was the sole collaborator on this project. 

## License

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/)

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Copyright (c) 2020 Alyson Bennett

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](code_of_conduct.md)

## Tests

There has not been a test script written for this application yet.

## Issues

Due to time constraints, this application is still under development.

Moving forward, work needs to be done on the handlebars to correctly show the burgers available and the burgers that have been devoured. Also, the CSS file needs to be filled in to have a more polished looking site. 

## Questions

If you have any questions, please contact [Alyson Bennett](https://github.com/alysonbennett) at alysonbennett@gmail.com.
